---
title: "Pointedly 1.3.0 release"
date: 2016-06-09 01:33:00-0600
tags:
- release notes
- pointedly
app_id: 933257819
---

## New Features
- Search for a previous game while creating a new game to restart with the same players and settings. Thanks Christine S. and Heather M. for suggesting it!
- View number of wins for all players in the player list. Thanks Cristi M., Damian C. and Colleen N. for suggesting it!
- Sort players by number of games, number of wins, or alphabetically. Thanks Cristi M. and Colleen N. for suggesting it!

## Improvements
- Creating a new player is much simpler when creating a game or editing settings. Thanks Tom S. for suggesting it!
- Sharing the results of a game is faster and easier to find. Thanks Mark R. for suggesting it!
- Removed the link to the app when sharing to focus just on your game results. Thanks Mark R. for suggesting it!
- When scoring in rounds, the keyboard will always stay visible unless you explicitly hide it. Thanks Justin K. and Christi M. for suggesting it!
- Restarting a game with the same players and settings is easier. Thanks Heather M. and Adam N. for suggesting it!
- Added a footer when scoring incrementally to make it easier to find the large stepper buttons. Thanks Alex T. for suggesting it!

## Fixes
- Resolved the largest source of crashes when updating a score in history.
- Fixed a crash when trying to add a picture to a player while creating a game on iPad.
- Fixed some crashes with the custom score/calculator keyboard. Thanks Cristi M. for reporting it!
- Other minor bug fixes.

We hope this update helps you and your family keep scores even easier so you can spend less time worrying about the score and more time having fun. Let us know if you have any thoughts or feedback.
